[Self-introduction](https://youtu.be/PeJ-Ls3DMhE)

Hello! My name is Evgeniy and I want to become a programmer. I became interested in programming back in school. In the last grades we had lessons on career guidance. You could say, it was by chance that I ended up in a programming class, since the class where they taught driving a car was already full. There were, these old computers with blue screens and the Pascal programming language. But I didn't regret it. The logical principles of programming, interested me. Perhaps, because at that time I still knew mathematics well. We didn’t study for long, it seems like a year, but I liked the first experience and remembered it.

Then, a series of events, that are difficult to explain in short form, happen in my life. As a result, I cannot get into a technical university based on my scores. So, I end up, at a pedagogical university, and graduate with a degree in history teacher. In the first year, there were also computer science lessons. We tried to make websites. But for some reason, they ended even faster than school lessons. But that was also interesting. Just like, teacher education itself. I understood, how to properly build the educational process, set the workload, and communicate with students. These skills are useful to me to this day.

Then, I even thought, about becoming a teacher, but a series of events, that are difficult to explain in a short form, happen again, and I again find myself at a school desk, learning the art of welding. The strange matches, that turn my life upside down, seem to only strengthen me. Having gone, through the path of a professional welder, from a newbie to the highest level, and access to responsible connections, I realized that this profession is interesting to me. And it will allow me to continue to grow professionally.

However, the thought of programming did not leave me all this time. To satisfy my thirst for knowledge, I buy a programming course for beginners, with Pascal, whom I know. And in free time in free time, I slowly study, for myself.

Peace and serenity of these happy days, is disrupted by another series of events, that are difficult to explain, in a short form. They again force me, to suddenly change my plans, and adapt to new conditions. At this moment, I understand, that I will no longer be able to do the same thing, and I need to look for a way, out of the situation. And so, I understand, that the time for programming has come. It took me a long time to get to this point, but now I’m going to fulfill my long-standing desire. There is no turning back. There's only one left...